Sunset old trace-id documentation (#129)
NSO-developer/nso-gitbook: administration/management/system-management/README.md

### Tracing in NSO <a href="#d5e2587" id="d5e2587"></a>

Tracing enables observability across NSO operations by tagging requests with unique identifiers. NSO allows for using Trace Context on programmatic northbound interfaces, while the `label` commit parameter can be used to correlate events (e.g. notifications). These allow tracking of requests across service invocations, internal operations, and downstream device configurations.

#### **Trace Context**

NSO supports Trace Context based on the [W3C Trace Context specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/), which is the recommended approach for distributed request tracing. This allows tracing information to flow between systems using standardized headers.

When using Trace Context:

* Trace information is carried in the `traceparent` and `tracestate` attributes.

> * The trace ID is a UUID (RFC 4122) and is extracted from the `traceparent` attribute if Trace Context is provided with the request. Otherwise, a new one is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The trace ID is a UUID (RFC 4122) and is parsed from the `traceparent` attribute if Trace Context is provided with the request. Otherwise, a new one is automatically generated and enforced.
```

* Trace Context is propagated automatically across NSO operations, including LSA setups and commit queues.

> * It is supported across all major northbound protocols: NETCONF, RESTCONF, JSON-RPC, and MAAPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is supported across all major northbound protocols: NETCONF, RESTCONF, JSON-RPC and MAAPI.
```
